.TH goldielocs 1 "July, 2012" "Version: 1.0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
goldielocs
.SH SYNOPSIS
goldielocs command [command args]

.SH DESCRIPTION
A (very) simple directory bookmarking utility for interactive shells.

Goldielocs outputs shell commands -- it wants to be evaluated.  A shell
function such as goldielocs() { eval $(/usr/bin/env goldielocs "$*";); } for
bash or zsh allows it to integrate into the shell.

Goldielocs outputs commands which should work with bash, zsh, and possibly
others. In the COMMANDS section below, the descriptions are written as if
goldielocs' output were evaluated. Goldielocs, of course, merely prints the
commands to do these things. This distinction is less visible once the
function is installed.

.SH COMMANDS

.SS
file
prints the path to the locsfile where the alias/path pairs are stored

.SS
list
lists all known locations and aliases

.SS
add <aliasname>
adds the current working directory to the locsfile with the alias <aliasname>

.SS
to <searchstring>
changes to the first path whose alias name matches searchstring

.SS
edit
edits the locsfile with $EDITOR

.SS
help
prints a terse help message

.SH MISC

.SS
Command Abbreviation:
Commands can be abbreviated to a single letter.
Actually, the first letter is the only important part. list, for instance
could be written 'list','ls','l','lis', or even 'lkjhgfdsa'.

.SS
Alias Searching:
Aliases are matched from the start of the word and in the order in which they
appear in the locsfile. The ordering can be adjusted by editing the file
directly.
.TP
bash: $EDITOR $(go f)
.TP
rc: plumb `{go f}

.SH HISTORY
.TP 8
2009 Original implementation written in rc
.TP
2010 Ported to bash
.TP
2016 Updated docs for new names
